README.md, before:

# GEOM101 - Group 7
## Assignment 3: Team Website Development

### Group plan for workload distribution

#### Task lists

- [x] Picking a3web master repository hosted by one group member: Lindsey's repository https://github.com/lindseygrey/a3web
- [] Divide the components for template design - before lab week 10 (11 Nov) 
- [] Complete template design - before week 11 deadline for bonus marks (18 Nov)
- [] Complete the final submission - before due date (8 Dec)

#### In-Lab Demonstration

- [] Amanda knocked it out of the park!
- [] Igraine condragulations you are the winner of this week's maxi challenge!
- [] Lindsey's an invicible, unbreakable, unstoppable, unshakeable champion!
- [] Perry slayed the challenge! *death drop*
- [] Rachel came, Rachel saw, Rachel conquered!

#### Template tasks - Due **25 Nov** (try to finish before 18/11 for bonus marks)
- [] All group members: Decide on the overall design
*note - design might be taken from https://startbootstrap.com/ and later modified to fit our needs/skills*
All these components will appear in all individual pages:
- [] Slide show banner (1 person):
- [] < header > and < footer > (1 person):
- [] Menu (1 person):
- [] Responsive design (2 person): (*note - some components will have to be done after other components are done*)

#### Final submission - Due **8 Dec** (try to finish by the weekend of week 13)
- [] All group members: Index, Meet The Team, Resources, Contact Us - Group meeting Sunday afternoon, Nov 21
- [] Amanda's individual mock GIS project as example
- [] Igraine's individual mock GIS project as example
- [] Lindsey's individual mock GIS project as example
- [] Perry's individual mock GIS project as example
- [] Rachel's individual mock GIS project as example
- [] All group members: Error checking before final submission

Commit message:

perry md task list update - with templates added

README.md, after:

# GEOM101 - Group 7
## Assignment 3: Team Website Development

### Group plan for workload distribution

#### Task lists

- [x] Picking a3web master repository hosted by one group member: Lindsey's repository https://github.com/lindseygrey/a3web
- [] Divide the components for template design - before lab week 10 (11 Nov) 
- [] Complete template design - before week 11 deadline for bonus marks (18 Nov)
- [] Complete the final submission - before due date (8 Dec)

#### In-Lab Demonstration

- [] Amanda knocked it out of the park!
- [] Igraine condragulations you are the winner of this week's maxi challenge!
- [] Lindsey's an invicible, unbreakable, unstoppable, unshakeable champion!
- [] Perry slayed the challenge! *death drop*
- [] Rachel came, Rachel saw, Rachel conquered!

#### Template tasks - Due **25 Nov** (try to finish before 18/11 for bonus marks)
- [] All group members: Decide on the overall design
*note - design templates/ideas might be taken from https://startbootstrap.com/ and later modified to fit our needs/skills*
All these components will appear in all individual pages:
*template from https://startbootstrap.com/template/full-width-pics*
- [] < header > and < footer > (to be finished first so others can start their work):
- [] Navbar: Amanda
- [] Header image:
- [] < body > (1 person): 
- [] css/js edit + putting together all other components to make 1 template file for submission:

#### Final submission - Due **8 Dec** (try to finish by the weekend of week 13)
- [] All group members: Index, Meet The Team, Resources, Contact Us - Group meeting Sunday afternoon, Nov 21
- [] Amanda's individual mock GIS project as example
- [] Igraine's individual mock GIS project as example
- [] Lindsey's individual mock GIS project as example
- [] Perry's individual mock GIS project as example
- [] Rachel's individual mock GIS project as example
- [] All group members: Error checking before final submission
